d Alb approx
a special gem in the Mercedes compressor collection is this one
painted 630 clear
a limousine from 1928
The bodywork was made by Soundcheck in Paris
the proud owner of the car a nationally conscious Frenchman
not the usual Mercedes stood unceremoniously through a glass
replace Gallic cock
the Type 630 had no less than reduce Porsche in 1924
Completely developed as a successor to Gottlieb Daimler's son Paul
These touring cars were built with world renown
until 19 of the 29th
Mercedes delivered to 19 of the 44 Ude still from stock
whoever could afford one of these luxury limousines became, of course, a bishop
4 1
many buyers ordered individual body builders
the French first owner of this vehicle
Wishes for example
a glass roof
From 1928, the 630 series could also be ordered with a compressor
the price of such a Mercedes was about 30,000 Reichsmark at that time
Equivalent of a pretty house
best location
the six-cylinder engine has a displacement of sex com to 3 liters on the
Power is 110 hp with compressor 160 hp
with a top speed of 145 grams, the 630 has been among the
fastest touring car anytime
Gas consumption was about 23 liters per 100 kilometers
the drive is a natural and synchronized
Vierganggetriebe
A total of 899 copies of the 630 model series have been built
a very small number by today's standards even considering that
it was a luxury car
Incidentally, it was not uncommon at that time
Only the chassis from the manufacturer to refer to a
the then very numerous coachbuilders
to let them do a corresponding construction